**Caveats**

This application _should_ work on both Android and iOS (the classic - works on my machine). I wanted to try out Kotlin Multiplatform, since I haven't used it before and the assignment didn't specify any required languages or frameworks, but since this is the assignment for an Android developer position, I figured any sort of Kotlin is fine.

The icon doesn't match the design exactly, but I wanted it to be a vector, instead of a PNG cutout and I'm not much of a designer, so this is one of the few occasions where I figured the use of an LLM is justified. It's just that the stupid thing didn't understand what I wanted it to change after asking 10 times in 10 different ways, so I finally just gave up and left it as it currently is.

The commit structuring isn't the  best. I'd usually write something like

[Ticker number] Short description
Longer description...

but it turned out to be a bit difficult with no actual tickets and a project this small in scale.

Autogenerated text below (but I'll leave it in for the build instructions, just in case).

---

This is a Kotlin Multiplatform project targeting Android, iOS.

* [/composeApp](./composeApp/src) is for code that will be shared across your Compose Multiplatform applications.
  It contains several subfolders:
  - [commonMain](./composeApp/src/commonMain/kotlin) is for code that’s common for all targets.
  - Other folders are for Kotlin code that will be compiled for only the platform indicated in the folder name.
    For example, if you want to use Apple’s CoreCrypto for the iOS part of your Kotlin app,
    the [iosMain](./composeApp/src/iosMain/kotlin) folder would be the right place for such calls.
    Similarly, if you want to edit the Desktop (JVM) specific part, the [jvmMain](./composeApp/src/jvmMain/kotlin)
    folder is the appropriate location.

* [/iosApp](./iosApp/iosApp) contains iOS applications. Even if you’re sharing your UI with Compose Multiplatform,
  you need this entry point for your iOS app. This is also where you should add SwiftUI code for your project.

### Build and Run Android Application

To build and run the development version of the Android app, use the run configuration from the run widget
in your IDE’s toolbar or build it directly from the terminal:
- on macOS/Linux
  ```shell
  ./gradlew :composeApp:assembleDebug
  ```
- on Windows
  ```shell
  .\gradlew.bat :composeApp:assembleDebug
  ```

### Build and Run iOS Application

To build and run the development version of the iOS app, use the run configuration from the run widget
in your IDE’s toolbar or open the [/iosApp](./iosApp) directory in Xcode and run it from there.

---

Learn more about [Kotlin Multiplatform](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/kotlin-multiplatform-dev/get-started.html)…
